## Project 3A:

Project 3A is kind of straightforward: we just need to write tests to
cover as much code as possible. For the simplicity of the test running,
I used *bash* files in order to reduce number of accidental mistakes and
to reduce my time spent on rerunning the tests (further, all the code
calls were organized this way). Some tests were created by me by
analyzing what lines of code weren't covered yet, and therefore,
manually creating tests that Some tests take more than 1000 ms to run
(afl). Delete them would hit these lines of code. Other tests were
generated by *Gemini*, after full explanation of how tests suppose to be
written and what program does (these tests are usually the big ones). As
the result, over 90% code coverage was reached. 

## Project 3B:

### Error Fixes:

An error raised when trying to run `gcovr -s -e contrib -e intel -e mips
-e powerpc -r .` Fixed error with addition of
`--gcov-ignore-errors=source_not_found` flag (offered by the error text)

### Findings: Initially, I was trying to use pngs I manually find from
the web. It wasn't giving a spectacular result since code coverage was
about 20%. After, I started using github repositories with lot of pngs
to choose from (see sources for the repositories in the [Sources](#sources) section)


## Project 3C:

### Error Fixes:

via singing as a root `sudo su` and running `echo core
>/proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern` we are able to make afl run. 

Some tests take more than 1000 ms to run (afl). Delete them. Later, I
deleted all the pngs that were bigger than 200px by 200px, since code
was running way too slowly (afl stuck on ~250 paths after several hours)

There were problems that appeared because I didn't manage to see
instructions clearly or because of minor mispellings (e.g. source path),
or because I ran the program Initially on WSL, and then transfered it on
the remote Google Cloud VM.

### Findings:

This project took most time to do. There



## Sources:

- https://myslu.stlawu.edu/~kangstadt/teaching/spring26/340/p3.html -
Project instructions

- https://github.com/test-images/png/tree/main/202105 - png test images
from github

- http://www.schaik.com/pngsuite2011/pngsuite.html - png test images 

- https://github.com/yavuzceliker/sample-images - random images for
websites (usually they are big and have some "human" sense)

- https://github.com/lunapaint/pngsuite - another repository with lots
of random images, mostly random ""